Add hotspot info in README.md (#93)
emotional-cities/pluma-experiments: README.md

### To run the protocol:

>   0. In the backpack computer activate the hotspot with ssid Backpack, make sure that hotspot power saving is disable; 
>   1. Make sure the cellphone is connected the backpack computer hotspot (named Backpack);
>   2. Turn on the companion phone and open the `Invisible Companion` App;
>   3. Select `Wearer`, click `Adjust` and follow the calibration procedure;
>   4. Hit `Apply` and confirm by looking at the cellphone;
>   5. The App shuold now remain open to keep the `Zyre Server` active;
>   6. From Bonsai, just hit `Start` and it should be able to automatically start streaming the video data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  0. In the backpack computer activate the hotspot with SSID Backpack, and make sure that hotspot power saving is disabled;
  1. Make sure the cellphone is connected to the backpack computer hotspot (named Backpack);
  2. Turn on the companion phone and open the `Invisible Companion` App;
  3. Select `Wearer`, click `Adjust` and follow the calibration procedure;
  4. Hit `Apply` and confirm by looking at the cellphone;
  5. The App should now remain open to keep the `Zyre Server` active;
  6. From Bonsai, hit `Start` and it should be able to automatically start streaming the video data.
```

Reviewer: > 4. Hit `Apply` and confirm by looking at the cellphone;

In this line, what should be confirmed?

Author: This is solved in 7c8c65f61a6493809b8a45171a39c5992d451eea and in 6b0d37bacca2d54248d8cb19aff1e298169dccef
